but in catastrophic of vargas to
lisandro asuaje in the legaspi dong and the
trujillo eduardo sandoval
[Music]
I 'm sorry to be seeing your delegate
Y
does not pay its attribution of the afternoon
[Music]
look at my money
lamb
[Music]
for me the palm tree
the time is always stopped
welcome but time is standing
active of the time martinelli section
they acquire them in the courtyard of heaven and I
you and me and I like a mommy recoller
I do not believe in the Maria Marie plant
whistling the eventual digit action
worldwide coleo the torque for the
Prince Andrew of Xeve
poetic because the most peculiar women
with the first
or three lambs in the letter provoke
[Music]
and continue 9
catastrophic lamb
[Music]
run at night time but
number one in his second exit the same
for the Portuguese tournament
[Music]
it's fantastic but
but yes
[Music]
a capital mediated
5a the result of the query
ready the result of winch of 17 degrees
finalize is the next ear to
cojedes joseph lamb in catastrophic the
30 plus three effective colleagues
for trujillo eduardo sandoval
effective colony for táchira emiro
Ramirez la pimpi of the two Koreas
effective but they will not have a goal
next tour